# GA-Stat-Effects
Code used to maintain the thread https://forum.nationstates.net/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=536006

## Files
This repository contains four files in both Python and R, which must be run in the proper order to work; this order is the same in which they are described below.

### get_dumps.py
This Python script, as indicated by its name, downloads the relevant nation daily dump. It also creates a list of every nation which was (1) in the WA and (2) without having answered any issue at the time of the resolution passing. This list is saved as a text file in the folder "dumps". The download process may take several minutes.

### process_dumps.py
Also as indicated by its name, this Python script processes the list generated by get_dumps.py. It does this by querying the NationStates API for each nation on that list, checking for changes in all relevant stats upon the passage of the resolution. The changes for each nation and each stat thereof are saved to a CSV file in the folder "stats". This script may also take several minutes to complete querying each nation on the list.

### process_stats.r
Unlike the previous two scripts, this script is written in R, and functions entirely offline. It converts the CSV file generated by process_dumps.py into another CSV file of the same name, in the "output" folder. This CSV file contains the overall data for each stat, as opposed to for each nation.

### post_generator.py
This Python script also functions entirely offline, and converts the CSV file generated by process_stats.r into formatted content to update the thread. This content is printed to the terminal, although there is a break period of 30 seconds before the script ends, so as to give time to copy the content it generates (alternatively, just run it from a terminal).

## Dependencies
Python, 3.>8

R, ~4.3
### In Python
requests, ~2.28

datetime, ~5.0

### In R
moments, ~0.14
